--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                GAMEPLAY OVERVIEW - WHILE GAME IS ACTIVE/RUNNING
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

server will decide a die-roll is coming in X seconds and send clients
this info.  It is up to the clients to display this information however they want
e.g. a countdown timer or whatever (although this can't be perfectly accurate)
Players can indicate they are ready for a die-roll early (pressing D for done or something?). ready-players cannot issue buy/sell orders. If 
all players indicate they are ready, then the timer will be canceled and the die roll will
happen immediately.  All player-ready-indicators are cleared after every die roll.
A ready player can also indicate unready if they change their mind before consensus and 
want to enable making more buy/sell orders before the die roll.

Client will provide the means for a player to issue buy/sell orders. Once the player
is happy with the buy-sell, they can submit to the server.  If player wants the order
to be filled at current prices, it's up to them to issue the order before the server's
timer runs out and a die roll happens.

There should be a maximum buy/sell orders allowed (3? 5?) to be issued between die rolls to
limit abuse of network bandwidth.

Clients/players will have no guarantee that their order will be filled at the prices they saw
when they issued the request.  I can't think of any way to provide this guarantee without
opening the game up to client abuse.

Orders that can't be filled because of cash shortage (assuming this would be because a
price went up, and not a cheating client) will be refused entirely (this might be a future
option to add to clients so a server would know what to do on player-by-plyaer basis)

Server will report of summary of buy/sell of all players to all players after a die roll
This will include all buy/sell orders since the previous die-roll.
(not exact numbers, just 'bought Gold', 'sold X' etc)  This is just to simulate real-life
game play where we know what the others are doing, but we generally don't know exactly
what their holdings are. Reporting after the die roll discourages copycating.

Players can request a pause to die rolls.  SErver will send a pause request to all other
players and if they accept, game will enter a paused state (no rolls, but buysell allowed)
once all players state they are ready (same control as ready to start game), game will resume
If a player does not respond within a certain time (15 sec? based on die roll interval?) then
server assumes answer is "YES ok to pause" NOTE: THIS COULD BE ABUSED IF A PLAYER NEVER 
DECIDES TO BECOME READY AFTER A PAUSE. how to prevent abuse?

